docs/src/guide/assembler.md, before:

# Assembler syntax
The assembler allows you to write regular 6502 assembly instructions. However, some more powerful features are of course also available.

## Labels
Labels can be defined to make it easier to refer to memory locations. Labels should consist of a valid identifier followed by a colon. A valid identifier starts with a character or underscore and may contain only characters, underscores or numbers.

For example, a label can be used to loop:
```asm6502
ldx #$20
label:
dex
bne label
```

You can also add braces after the label to aid formatting:
```asm6502
ldx #$20
label: {
    dex
    bne label
}
```

## Variables and constants
You can define variables and constants using the `.var` and `.const` directives respectively. They can then be used in expressions.

For example:
```asm6502
.const BORDER_COLOUR = $d020

lda #7
sta BORDER_COLOUR
```

Variables may be redefined, constants may not.

## Symbol scopes
Labels, variables and constants are _symbols_. Symbols are defined in _scopes_. A scope is defined by a _block_ (starting with `{` and ending with `}`). As long as symbols reside in different scopes they can have duplicate names. You can use the `super` keyword to access symbols in outer scopes.

Sounds complicated perhaps, so here's an example:
```asm6502
label: {
    label: {
        jmp label
        jmp super.label
    }
}    
```

The first `jmp` will jump to the innermost label. The second `jmp` will jump to the outermost label.

## Automatic symbols
Some symbols are generated for you automatically.

### `-` and `+`
You can use `-` or `+` to refer to the start or the end of a block.

For instance, the following code loops 64 times:
```asm6502
ldx #$40
{
    dex
    bne -
}
```

## Expressions
Simple calculations may be performed.

This program:
```asm6502
lda #5 + 10
```

Is equal to:
```asm6502
lda #15
```

### Operators
Supported operators are:
- `*` Multiplication
- `/` Division
- `<<` Shift left
- `>>` Shift right
- `^` Exclusive or (XOR)
- `+` Addition
- `-` Subtraction
 
### Equality tests 
Equality tests may also be performed. They will evaluate to `0` when false and `1` when true:
- `==` Equality
- `!=` Inequality
- `>` Greater than
- `>=` Greater than or equal
- `<` Less than
- `<=` Less than or equal
- `&&` And
- `||` Or

### Nibble operators
Additionally, the high or low byte of 16-bit variables may be accessed using the `<` and `>` modifiers, e.g.:

```asm6502
.const ADDRESS = $1234
lda #<ADDRESS   // a will now contain '$34'
ldx #>ADDRESS   // x will now contain '$12'
```

### Modifiers
There are two ways to modify a factor in an expression.

- Prefix with `!` to convert `0` into `1` and any positive number into `0`
- Prefix with `-` to negate the value

### Built-in functions
Currently the only built-in function is `defined` which evaluates to `1` if a variable or constant is defined and to `0` otherwise.

```asm6502
.const ADDRESS = $1234
lda defined(ADDRESS)   // a will now contain '1'
lda !defined(ADDRESS)  // a will now contain '0'
```

## Data definition
You may include data inline like so:

```asm6502
.byte 1, 2, 3
```

Supported data types are `.byte`, `.word` and `.dword`.

### Including from files
It is also possible to include data from files, like so:

```asm6502
.include "foo.bin"
```

The file is located relative to the source file that contains the `.include` directive.

## Comments
Lines may end with a C++-style `//` comment, like so:

```asm6502
nop  // hello, I am a comment
```

C-style comment blocks are also supported:
```asm6502
/*
   hello there!
*/
nop
```

C-style comments may also be nested.

## Conditional assembly
It is possible to conditionally assemble chunks of code by wrapping them in an `.if` block:

```asm6502
.const FOO = 1

.if defined(FOO) {
    nop
} else {
    brk
}
```

The `else` clause is optional.

## Program counter
During assembly it is possible to change the current program counter (i.e. the location where instructions are assembled to).

### Setting
You can set the program counter with the `*` directive, like so:

```asm6502
* = $0800
```

### Aligning
You can move the program counter forward to make it align on a certain number of bytes, using the `.align` directive:

```asm6502
.align 256
nop         // This will always be assembled to $xx00
```

Commit message:

Add support for loop directive. Closes #8.

docs/src/guide/assembler.md, after:

# Assembler syntax
The assembler allows you to write regular 6502 assembly instructions. However, some more powerful features are of course also available.

## Labels
Labels can be defined to make it easier to refer to memory locations. Labels should consist of a valid identifier followed by a colon. A valid identifier starts with a character or underscore and may contain only characters, underscores or numbers.

For example, a label can be used to loop:
```asm6502
ldx #$20
label:
dex
bne label
```

You can also add braces after the label to aid formatting:
```asm6502
ldx #$20
label: {
    dex
    bne label
}
```

## Variables and constants
You can define variables and constants using the `.var` and `.const` directives respectively. They can then be used in expressions.

For example:
```asm6502
.const BORDER_COLOUR = $d020

lda #7
sta BORDER_COLOUR
```

Variables may be redefined, constants may not.

## Symbol scopes
Labels, variables and constants are _symbols_. Symbols are defined in _scopes_. A scope is defined by a _block_ (starting with `{` and ending with `}`). As long as symbols reside in different scopes they can have duplicate names. You can use the `super` keyword to access symbols in outer scopes.

Sounds complicated perhaps, so here's an example:
```asm6502
label: {
    label: {
        jmp label
        jmp super.label
    }
}    
```

The first `jmp` will jump to the innermost label. The second `jmp` will jump to the outermost label.

## Automatic symbols
Some symbols are generated for you automatically.

### `-` and `+`
You can use `-` or `+` to refer to the start or the end of a block.

For instance, the following code loops 64 times:
```asm6502
ldx #$40
{
    dex
    bne -
}
```

## Loops
Loops may be generated using the `.loop` directive:

```asm6502
.loop 5 {
    lda #$00
    sta $0400 + index
}
```

The `index` symbol contains the current loop index (zero-based).

## Expressions
Simple calculations may be performed.

This program:
```asm6502
lda #5 + 10
```

Is equal to:
```asm6502
lda #15
```

### Operators
Supported operators are:
- `*` Multiplication
- `/` Division
- `<<` Shift left
- `>>` Shift right
- `^` Exclusive or (XOR)
- `+` Addition
- `-` Subtraction
 
### Equality tests 
Equality tests may also be performed. They will evaluate to `0` when false and `1` when true:
- `==` Equality
- `!=` Inequality
- `>` Greater than
- `>=` Greater than or equal
- `<` Less than
- `<=` Less than or equal
- `&&` And
- `||` Or

### Word operators
Additionally, the high or low byte of 16-bit variables may be accessed using the `<` and `>` modifiers, e.g.:

```asm6502
.const ADDRESS = $1234
lda #<ADDRESS   // a will now contain '$34'
ldx #>ADDRESS   // x will now contain '$12'
```

### Modifiers
There are two ways to modify a factor in an expression.

- Prefix with `!` to convert `0` into `1` and any positive number into `0`
- Prefix with `-` to negate the value

### Built-in functions
Currently the only built-in function is `defined` which evaluates to `1` if a variable or constant is defined and to `0` otherwise.

```asm6502
.const ADDRESS = $1234
lda defined(ADDRESS)   // a will now contain '1'
lda !defined(ADDRESS)  // a will now contain '0'
```

## Data definition
You may include data inline like so:

```asm6502
.byte 1, 2, 3
```

Supported data types are `.byte`, `.word` and `.dword`.

### Including from files
It is also possible to include data from files, like so:

```asm6502
.include "foo.bin"
```

The file is located relative to the source file that contains the `.include` directive.

## Comments
Lines may end with a C++-style `//` comment, like so:

```asm6502
nop  // hello, I am a comment
```

C-style comment blocks are also supported:
```asm6502
/*
   hello there!
*/
nop
```

C-style comments may also be nested.

## Conditional assembly
It is possible to conditionally assemble chunks of code by wrapping them in an `.if` block:

```asm6502
.const FOO = 1

.if defined(FOO) {
    nop
} else {
    brk
}
```

The `else` clause is optional.

## Program counter
During assembly it is possible to change the current program counter (i.e. the location where instructions are assembled to).

### Setting
You can set the program counter with the `*` directive, like so:

```asm6502
* = $0800
```

### Aligning
You can move the program counter forward to make it align on a certain number of bytes, using the `.align` directive:

```asm6502
.align 256
nop         // This will always be assembled to $xx00
```
